data/authors/default.mdx, before:

---
name: Mike DiDomizio
avatar: /static/images/avatar.png
occupation: Tech Lead / Senior Software Developer
company: theScore
email: mikedidomizio@gmail.com
twitter: https://twitter.com/Mike_DiDomizio
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikedidomizio/
github: https://github.com/mikedidomizio
---

import YouTube from '@/components/YouTube'

## My name is Mike DiDomizio.

I was born in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada.

Cobourg is a city of 21,000 people located an hour East of Toronto.

<img alt="Google Maps image of Cobourg in relation to Toronto" src="/static/images/about/Cobourg-besides-Toronto.png"/>

I graduated from CDCI East highschool (now CCI) and went to college to become a Police Officer, graduating from Sir Sandford Fleming.

While many software developers opt for placements in tech companies, mine took me to the Ontario Provincial Police.

I believed then, as I do now, that being a Police Officer meant being an agent of positive change.
It wasn't just about enforcing the law; it was about fostering trust, being a pillar of support, and working
collaboratively to create a safer, more inclusive society.

<img alt="college graduation" src="/static/images/about/graduation.jpg"/>

## Embracing Technology

However, life has a way of guiding us down unexpected paths.
Circumstances, challenges, and a confluence of factors shifted my trajectory away from law enforcement.

In my spare time I was messing around with computers, the internet was still very niche. I've been tinkering with computers
since around the age of 5 (1990), I really started getting into software development around the age of 21 in my spare time,
but I was building websites in high school when I was 15 (2000).

After college I bought some books and started learning ASP.NET C#, then PHP. I started as a backend developer with frontend developer skills.

In **2011**, a community-driven website drew attention, sparking radio interviews,
including a feature on CBC Radio One that resonated across Canada.

<img alt="newspaper article from 2011 of Mike's project" src="/static/images/about/searchNorthumberland-newspaper.webp" />

In **2013**, I worked with a designer and some devs to create an innovative social media platform,
echoing elements of Vine and TikTok. Although promising, its success was short-lived.

<img alt="newspaper article from 2013 of Mike's project" src="/static/images/about/mideome-newspaper.webp" />

It was at this time I didn't have much going on, there was not too much demand for software developers in a small city.

## Relocating to Ottawa for New Beginnings

My work on MideoMe and building the iOS app garnered attention from an Ottawa company about a mobile developer position opening.

I took the job and moved to Ottawa. A city I had only visited once before for a day.

<img alt="Google maps image of arrow pointing where Ottawa in in relation to Cobourg" src="/static/images/about/move-to-Ottawa.webp" />

It was at this time I stopped writing.

I don't remember exactly why. I think I was overwhelmed by a new city and a new job.
I was struggling hard before this point, things were not good.
This was a new beginning for me.
I was determined to succeed, find happiness, and make those who believed in me proud.

I'm going to leave a lot of the in-between out at this point, let's move forward. Maybe someday I'll come back to fill it all out.

## Building the Rapid Antigen Test Appointment Finder: Answering COVID's Testing Struggle

Fast-forward to **2021**, amidst the COVID pandemic's chaos,
frustrated in the difficulty to find a Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) appointment to
get myself tested, I spent 5 days during the Winter holidays building a website to check for
the earliest RAT appointment.
For those that don't remember, [people were lining up at 5AM in the cold to possibly get a test](https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/hundreds-line-up-for-covid-rapid-tests-in-ottawa-as-ontario-changes-testing-strategy-1.5730043).
I worked on it and then after it was pretty stable and tested, posted it to Reddit, which people were appreciative of it,
and the [Ottawa Citizen](https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/theres-got-to-be-a-better-way-ottawa-software-developer-creates-find-a-rapid-test-tool) reached out to
me and I was interviewed.

[<img alt="Newspaper article about the website to get RAT tests for COVID" src="/static/images/about/covid-testing-ottawa-citizen-headline.webp" />](https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/theres-got-to-be-a-better-way-ottawa-software-developer-creates-find-a-rapid-test-tool)

I again made the newspaper, radio interviews.  It was a first time being interviewed for TV, making it onto [CTV Toronto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZNTT7g3ytQ).

<YouTube id="JZNTT7g3ytQ" />

and a day later, I was interviewed by [CTV Ottawa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ofQ82206K8).

<YouTube id="6ofQ82206K8" />

At that point in my life, I've been interviewed by radio/newspaper/TV on at least 4-5 separate occasions in relation to software.

Not captured, but I was also interviewed for [the Yahoo! hack](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/03/technology/yahoo-hack-3-billion-users.html) that occurred in 2013.
I found the leaked database, set up a way to search
if your email existed in the database, think the [haveibeenpwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/) website before haveibeenpwned.
For this work I also did radio interviews with Cobourg/Peterborough radio stations.

## Where am I today?

Today Ottawa is my home.

I moved to Ottawa in February 2014, a city I knew very little about, and I've been here for 10 years.

This is my home and I love it.

I've met a lot of great people and made lots of friends. I've learned so much.
I never imagined being in Ottawa, but here I am and I'm happy.

While I didn't ultimately pursue a career in Policing, the values instilled during that period continue
to shape my approach to life and my endeavors today.

## The Future Ahead

At the time of writing this I'm 38 years old. I've come a long way and accomplished more than I ever thought I would.

I'm hoping to continue coding, making an impact, meeting new people, and moving onto bigger things.

Thank you for reading this.

Commit message:

Current picture and rewording of my appreciation of the city

data/authors/default.mdx, after:

---
name: Mike DiDomizio
avatar: /static/images/avatar.png
occupation: Tech Lead / Senior Software Developer
company: theScore
email: mikedidomizio@gmail.com
twitter: https://twitter.com/Mike_DiDomizio
linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikedidomizio/
github: https://github.com/mikedidomizio
---

import YouTube from '@/components/YouTube'

## My name is Mike DiDomizio.

I was born in Cobourg, Ontario, Canada.

Cobourg is a city of 21,000 people located an hour East of Toronto.

<img alt="Google Maps image of Cobourg in relation to Toronto" src="/static/images/about/Cobourg-besides-Toronto.png"/>

I graduated from CDCI East highschool (now CCI) and went to college to become a Police Officer, graduating from Sir Sandford Fleming.

While many software developers opt for placements in tech companies, mine took me to the Ontario Provincial Police.

I believed then, as I do now, that being a Police Officer meant being an agent of positive change.
It wasn't just about enforcing the law; it was about fostering trust, being a pillar of support, and working
collaboratively to create a safer, more inclusive society.

<img alt="college graduation" src="/static/images/about/graduation.jpg"/>

## Embracing Technology

However, life has a way of guiding us down unexpected paths.
Circumstances, challenges, and a confluence of factors shifted my trajectory away from law enforcement.

In my spare time I was messing around with computers, the internet was still very niche. I've been tinkering with computers
since around the age of 5 (1990), I really started getting into software development around the age of 21 in my spare time,
but I was building websites in high school when I was 15 (2000).

After college I bought some books and started learning ASP.NET C#, then PHP. I started as a backend developer with frontend developer skills.

In **2011**, a community-driven website drew attention, sparking radio interviews,
including a feature on CBC Radio One that resonated across Canada.

<img alt="newspaper article from 2011 of Mike's project" src="/static/images/about/searchNorthumberland-newspaper.webp" />

In **2013**, I worked with a designer and some devs to create an innovative social media platform,
echoing elements of Vine and TikTok. Although promising, its success was short-lived.

<img alt="newspaper article from 2013 of Mike's project" src="/static/images/about/mideome-newspaper.webp" />

It was at this time I didn't have much going on, there was not too much demand for software developers in a small city.

## Relocating to Ottawa for New Beginnings

My work on MideoMe and building the iOS app garnered attention from an Ottawa company about a mobile developer position opening.

I took the job and moved to Ottawa. A city I had only visited once before for a day.

<img alt="Google maps image of arrow pointing where Ottawa in in relation to Cobourg" src="/static/images/about/move-to-Ottawa.webp" />

It was at this time I stopped writing.

I don't remember exactly why. I think I was overwhelmed by a new city and a new job.
I was struggling hard before this point, things were not good.
This was a new beginning for me.
I was determined to succeed, find happiness, and make those who believed in me proud.

I'm going to leave a lot of the in-between out at this point, let's move forward. Maybe someday I'll come back to fill it all out.

## Building the Rapid Antigen Test Appointment Finder: Answering COVID's Testing Struggle

Fast-forward to **2021**, amidst the COVID pandemic's chaos,
frustrated in the difficulty to find a Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) appointment to
get myself tested, I spent 5 days during the Winter holidays building a website to check for
the earliest RAT appointment.
For those that don't remember, [people were lining up at 5AM in the cold to possibly get a test](https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/hundreds-line-up-for-covid-rapid-tests-in-ottawa-as-ontario-changes-testing-strategy-1.5730043).
I worked on it and then after it was pretty stable and tested, posted it to Reddit, which people were appreciative of it,
and the [Ottawa Citizen](https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/theres-got-to-be-a-better-way-ottawa-software-developer-creates-find-a-rapid-test-tool) reached out to
me and I was interviewed.

[<img alt="Newspaper article about the website to get RAT tests for COVID" src="/static/images/about/covid-testing-ottawa-citizen-headline.webp" />](https://ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/theres-got-to-be-a-better-way-ottawa-software-developer-creates-find-a-rapid-test-tool)

I again made the newspaper, radio interviews.  It was a first time being interviewed for TV, making it onto [CTV Toronto](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZNTT7g3ytQ).

<YouTube id="JZNTT7g3ytQ" />

and a day later, I was interviewed by [CTV Ottawa](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ofQ82206K8).

<YouTube id="6ofQ82206K8" />

At that point in my life, I've been interviewed by radio/newspaper/TV on at least 4-5 separate occasions in relation to software.

Not captured, but I was also interviewed for [the Yahoo! hack](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/10/03/technology/yahoo-hack-3-billion-users.html) that occurred in 2013.
I found the leaked database, set up a way to search
if your email existed in the database, think the [haveibeenpwned](https://haveibeenpwned.com/) website before haveibeenpwned.
For this work I also did radio interviews with Cobourg/Peterborough radio stations.

## Where am I today?

Today I am still in Ottawa.

I moved to Ottawa in February 2014, a city I knew very little about, and I've been here for 10 years.

I've met a lot of great people and made lots of friends.
I never imagined being in Ottawa, but here I am, I'm happy and grateful to call this city my home.

I get to work with great people, and work on great things every day.

While I didn't ultimately pursue a career in Policing, the values instilled during that period continue
to shape my approach to life and my endeavors today.

## The Future Ahead

<img alt="Picture of Mike DiDomizio" src="/static/images/about/Mike.webp" />


At the time of writing this I'm 38 years old. I've come a long way and accomplished more than I ever thought I would.

I'm hoping to continue coding, making an impact, meeting new people, and moving onto bigger things.

Thank you for reading this.
